# Combining_Binary_Variables
  As a grad student studying marketing and decision science, I tend to find myself spending a lot of time working with consumer survey data that leverages a lot of multiple choice qualitative responses. Most survey administration platforms I've used disaggregate each of these type of questions with each level receiving its own column in the form of "<Level name>" "no answer". In other words, a multiple choice question (Q1), with four categorical response options, will be encoded as four separate variables in the survey output: (Q1_01, Q1_02, Q1_03, Q1_04). Although this can be convenient for certain analyses (e.g. regression analysis), it is less than ideal for other forms of statistical analysis (e.g. ANOVA). So, for these instances, it is necessary to aggregate these "sub-variables" back into a single variable.
  
  In the past, I've been advised that it is simply easiest to clean the data in another program (e.g. Excel or Alteryx), and then import the cleaned data back into R for analysis. But the downside of this approach is that it is less transparent and less reproduceable than having the entire code present in the R script. But, as far as I can find, there isn't a devoted library for this function (yet!), nor is there an easy answer specific to this use case through online coding boards that I could immediately find. This attached script is an attempt to address that need, and has worked fairly well for my purposes so far. 

  There are still areas for improvement as the code is (a) not dynamic, and (b) doesn't scale well if you're trying to combine large numbers of columns (it really works best for combining 4-6 columns). But, hopefully this will open the door for some future programming and maybe developing a function for this specific use case
